Path Change event added (#648)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

Connection -> ExcessiveRetransmission<>
~~~

### Path change {#conn-path-change}

> This event notifies the application when the path has changed. Changes occure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event notifies the application when at least one of the paths underlying a Connection has changed. Changes occur
```

on a single path when the PMTU changes as well as when multiple paths are used

> in a Connection Group and paths are added/removed or a handover has been performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a Connection Group and paths are added or removed, or a handover has been performed.
```

> in a Connection Group and paths are added or removed, or a handover has been performed.

Reviewer: cut "in a Connection Group"
